# Testing notes and ZIP for release 10.2.2

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/files/11611831/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## WooCommerce Core

### Fix Mini-Cart block check to see whether a script has already been enqueued. ([9649](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9649))

0. Make sure you have WC core 7.7.1.
1. Enable a block theme.
2. Add the Mini-Cart block to the header of your store.
3. Go to the frontend and open the Mini-Cart drawer. Verify it opens.
4. Install the Page Optimize and Product Bundles plugins (no need to change anything in their configuration).
5. Go to a page in the frontend that doesn't have any blocks besides the Mini-Cart you added to the header.
6. Open the Mini-Cart drawer and verify it opens without JS errors.

### Experiment: Replace style hooks coming from @wordpress/block-editor. ([9251](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9251))

1. Smoke test product blocks that have global styles applied.
2. Specifically test adding a Stock and a Attribute filter to the template, as well as modifying text color to ensure it still applies to the frontend.
3. Do the same for the price filter block.
4. Ensure at least one product block had custom spacing, color, and typography applied, and that change was both visible in the editor, and on the frontend after saving the template/post.


### Fix colors not being applied to Mini-Cart Proceed to Checkout Button in the editor. ([9661](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9661))

1. Enable a block theme.
2. Add the Mini-Cart block to the header of your store.
3. Go to Appearance > Editor > Template Parts > Mini-Cart.
4. Modify the text and background colors of _Mini Cart View Cart Button_ and _Mini Cart Proceed to Checkout Button_. Try with colors from the palette and with custom colors.
5. Save the template part and reload the page. Verify the colors persisted.
6. Go to the frontend, open the Mini-Cart drawer and verify the colors are applied correctly there too.
