# 📣 Announcement: New documentation location

The documentation for WooCommerce Blocks has moved to the [WooCommerce monorepo](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/tree/trunk/plugins/woocommerce-blocks/docs/).

Please refer to the documentation in the new location as the files in this repository will no longer be updated and the repository will be archived.

---

# Testing notes and ZIP for release 5.1.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/6452221/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature plugin only

### General smoke testing

The following are related to various changes impacting existing flows, so smoke testing is needed to verify there are no regressions:

-   Place orders via the Checkout block and ensure the following:
    -   All payment methods included with the blocks work as expected for completing the order.
    -   Intentionally triggering payment errors for various payment methods surface the errors as expected and another payment method can be tried.
    -   Express payment methods (via Stripe) work as expected in both the Cart context and Checkout context.

### Fixed bug with clearing email and phone fields when using separate billing address

Test both guest and logged in scenarios for the following:

-   On checkout, fill out email address, shipping fields, and phone number.
-   Uncheck "use shipping for billing" checkbox.
-   Verify email and phone fields still have their values.
-   Submit the order and make sure those values persist on the server with the order.
