## Testing notes and ZIP for release 3.7.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/5220435/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## The following changes affect the feature plugin only.

### Sign up for a customer account in Checkout block

Merchants can now enable shoppers to sign up for a user account when completing purchase via the Checkout block. This feature requires WooCommerce 4.7 or newer and the Checkout block.

0. Ensure you can see emails from your test site (e.g. new customer account notification email).
1. Ensure your store is running WooCommerce 4.7 RC or newer.
1. Install and activate WooCommerce Blocks 3.7 or newer.
2. Ensure checkout page uses the checkout block – replce the checkout shortcode (if used). Ensure you have a valid payment method set up. 
3. Log out of your store user account if necessary (or use an incognito window). Add something to cart and proceed to checkout block page.
3. Enter an email address and complete the form. 
3. Check the `Create an account` checkbox.
2. Complete & submit checkout.
1. Find the `Your {store} account has been created!` email. Copy the `Click here to set your new password.` url.
    - Link should look something like this: `http://localhost:8333/my-account/lost-password/?action=newaccount&key=6lye4PPX11pbjWPJozSR&login=bob`
4. In an incognito window, or after logging out, navigate to set password url. 
6. Should see reset password form (2 password fields) with `Set password` title. 
7. Reset the account password and confirm the customer account and password are all correct.

See also [related testing instructions in WooCommerce Core](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/wiki/Release-Testing-Instructions-WooCommerce-4.7#improvements-to-my-account--lost-password-endpoint).


## The following changes affect feature plugin and WooCommerce package.

(No relevant changes.)

