## Testing notes and ZIP for release 4.3.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/5833775/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce core

No changes.

## Feature plugin only

### - Update input colors and alignment. ([3597](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3597))


1. Open a page with a Checkout Block and observer the checkboxes and radio buttons - they should be clearly visible.
2. Go to the page Customizer and change page background to a dark color.
3. Again check the checkboxes and radio buttons at the page with the Checkout Block - they should be clearly visible.

### - Store API - Fix selected rate in cart shipping rates response. ([3680](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3680))

1. Get a cart response from the API.
2. Check shipping packages are returned correctly.

### - Create get_item_responses_from_schema abstraction. ([3679](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3679))

1. Get a cart response from the Store API.
2. Check response contains correct: items, coupons and shipping information.

### - Show itemized fee rows in the cart/checkout blocks. [3678](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3678)

1. Use the following code snippet in woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.php:
    ```PHP
    add_action( 'woocommerce_cart_calculate_fees', 'add_fees', 10 );
    function add_fees( $cart ) {
	    $cart->add_fee( __( 'Packaging 1', 'woo-gutenberg-products-block' ), 100, true );
	    $cart->add_fee( __( 'Packaging 2', 'woo-gutenberg-products-block' ), 50, true );
    }
    ```
2. Go to the cart page and see fee rows.
3. Go to checkout page and see fee rows.
4. Test with and without prices including tax in WC Tax settings.

### - Extensibility: Show item data in Cart and Checkout blocks and update the variation data styles. ([3665](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3665))


Variations:

1. Add a variable product to your cart and go to the Cart and Checkout pages.
2. Verify variations are displayed with the new design (a list instead of separated by /).

WC Subscriptions:

1. Currently, WC Subscriptions doesn't use cart item data yet, but you can checkout this WIP branch to test it: fix/subscription-details-cart-item-data.
2. Create a subscription product with free trial and/or sign up fee.
3. Add that product to your cart and go to the Cart and Checkout pages.
4. Verify the free trial and sign up fee are displayed.

WC Product Add-Ons:

1. Create a product with a product add-on.
2. Add that product to your cart and go to the Cart and Checkout pages.
3. Verify add-on data is displayed.

### - Improve error displayed to customers when an item's stock status changes during checkout. ([3656](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3656))

1. **In an incognito window** Add several products to your cart. Add these in differing quantities. Several of these added products need to have a quantity of 3+ in the cart.
2. Open the checkout page and ensure all the products are showing. **Do different combinations of the following steps in a different session to the one where you've added the items, and also without refreshing the checkout page. This is necessary because we can't be logged in as admin when testing step 3 below.**
3. Delete one or more of the products from the back end.
4. Set one or more of the products to "Manage stock?" true, and edit the in-stock amount of one or more of the products ensuring it is below the quantity that is in the cart, but above 0.
5. Set one or more of the products to "Sold individually"
6. Set one or more of the products to be entirely out of stock.
7. Try to check out and ensure you see the correct error messages for the products whose stock you've changed/reduced.
8. Try a few different scenarios with stock levels, number of products affected, number of products in cart etc. 