## Testing notes and ZIP for release 5.9.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/7154664/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce

### Add extensibility point for extensions to filter payment methods ([4668](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4668))

1. Make sure Check payments and Cash on delivery payment methods are activated and appear in the Checkout block
2. Install this extension specifically made for testing: [woocommerce-payment-method-test.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/7160423/woocommerce-payment-method-test.zip)
```js
import { registerPaymentMethodExtensionCallbacks} from '@woocommerce/blocks-registry';

registerPaymentMethodExtensionCallbacks( 'woocommerce-marketplace-extension',
	{
		cod: ( arg ) => { return false; },
                 // this zipcode works only for Germany
		cheque: ( arg ) => { return arg.billingData.city === "Denver";}
	}
);
```
3. Go to the Checkout block
4. Notice that Cash on delivery is no longer available
5. Notice that Check payments are available only when the Country is Germany and the Postcode for Billing data is 12345

### Smoke test the Checkout block
Because of experimental work done during this release, we need to ensure no regressions have been made to the checkout block. Please smoke test the checkout block.

1. Enable a few different payment methods in your store.
2. Add some products to your cart. 
3. Go to the Checkout block, ensure it displays with no errors and the correct cart contents are showing.
4. Ensure you can enter your shipping and billing addresses.
5. Ensure validation still works, (focus a field, delete the content and ensure an error is shown, e.g. postcode field).
6. Ensure you can use different payment methods.
7. Ensure you can check out and that the order is placed.
