## Testing notes and ZIP for release 6.1.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/7329441/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature Plugin
### Remove IntersectionObserver shim in favor of dropping IE11 support. ([4808](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4808))
1. Smoke test the Cart block and ensure no errors appear in the console

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce

### Product categories list block hierarchy display fix ([4920](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4920))
1. Create 4 WooCommerce product categories, each one nested under the previous one created, like follows:
- Level 1
  - Level 2
    - Level 3
      - Level 4
2. Add a product to the last category
3. To a page, add the block Product Categories List
4. Under the block settings > List settings > Display style, pick "Dropdown"
5. Again under the block settings > Content, switch On "Show hierarchy"
6. Save and view page

### Fixed string translations within the All Products Block. ([4897](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4897))
*Note: This cannot be tested in a JN environment, only on a site where you have access to local filesystem! This is a low-risk bug fix because if it doesn't work, then the translations will remain broken, as they have been until now.*
1. Switch to Brazilian Portuguese translation.
2. Find the file (If packaged in core replace `woo-gutenberg-products-block` with `woocommerce`) `wp-content/languages/woo-gutenberg-products-block-pt_BR-e330894bce4582a6969137e88a76105c.json`
3. Note that e330894bce4582a6969137e88a76105c is generated from the path to the chunk script. This PR changes the chunk name, so change `e330894bce4582a6969137e88a76105c` to `bff28bb492f099ecaf7494b1201c4e46`. This is the md5 hash of build/atomic-block-components/sale-badge.chunk.js.
4. View the all products block. Confirm sale badges are translated to "Oferta".  

### Filter By Price: Update aria values to be more representative of the actual values presented. ([4839](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4839))
1. Add the Filter By Price block to your All Products page
2. Turn Voice Over on your Mac (click the power button 3 times to do this)
3. Move the slider back and forth, the voice should say "Ninety" instead of "Nine thousand" for example.

### Fixed: Filter button from Filter Products by Attribute block is not aligned with the input field. ([4814](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4814))
1. Add the Filter Products by Attribute block and select 'Display Style: Dropdown' and check 'Filter button'.
2. See the filter button aligned correctly on both editor and front end.

### Prefix the search input id with wc- instead of wp- ([4882](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4882))
1. Add a WordPress search block in a page
2. Add a Product search block to tha same page
3. Go to frontend and open the browser tools console, ensure no errors about elements with non-unique IDs appear (relating to the search box ID).
