## Testing notes and ZIP for release 6.6.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/7762015/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce

### Fix saving WooCommerce templates in WP 5.9 beta 3 ([5408](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5408))

1. With WP 5.9 beta 3 and Gutenberg disabled, go to Appearance > Editor.
2. Edit one of the WooCommerce templates and try to save it.
3. Verify the template is saved without errors.
4. Repeat the process with Gutenberg enabled and verify it works as well.

### Fixed error reporting block templates do not exist after editing WooCommerce templates on WP 5.8. ([5425](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5425))

Test the following under these scenarios:

- WordPress 5.8 and the Gutenberg plugin
- WordPress 5.9 and the Gutenberg plugin
- WordPress 5.9 without the Gutenberg plugin

1. Open the FSE editor
2. From the sidebar on the left click on Templates.
3. Click on one of these templates Product Category Page, Product Archive Page, Product Archive Page or Single Product Page.
4. Edit the template and save it.
5. Go back (not refresh the page, because you will reproduce a known bug (#5426).
6. Reopen the same template and check if the changes are still there.
7. Check if the template works correctly on the frontend side too.

### Added By template column value is user friendly for modified WooCommerce block templates. ([5420](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5420))

1. Modify one of the WooCommerce block templates via the Site Editor. Save it.
2. Load the templates screen and ensure the Added By column value says WooCommerce and not woocommerce
3. Ensure the modified version of the template loads in the Site Editor and on the frontend.

### Avoid WooCommerce template names being editable. ([5385](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5385))

1. With WC 6.0 beta 3 and a block theme installed, go to Appearance > Editor.
2. Go to the Templates page and edit one of the WooCommerce templates (ie: Single Product Page).
3. Save and refresh the page.
4. Verify the template name is not editable.

### Use the themes product archive block template for product category & product tag pages if the theme does not have more specific templates for those. ([5380](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5380))

Add the following block markup to the following templates so you know which one is getting rendered:

1. woo-blocks/archive-product.html
2. woo-blocks/taxonomy-product_tag.html
3. woo-blocks/taxonomy-product_cat.html

Template:

```
<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Woo Blocks: [template-filename].html</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->
```

1. Install Gutenberg plugin and Blockbase theme to activate Site Editor and FSE.
2. Go to a product category page and check that woo-blocks/taxonomy-product_cat.html is the template being used.
3. Duplicate woo-blocks/archive-product.html into blockbase/block-templates/ and change the markup you added above to say "Blockbase" instead of "Woo Blocks" so we can differentiate.
4. Reload the product category page, product tag page, and main shop page/product archive page and check that the archive-product.html from Blockbase is being loaded.
5. Go into Site Editor > All Templates and check that "Product Archive Page", "Product Category Page" and "Product Tag Page" are all in the list and it states they're being loaded from the Blockbase theme
6. Customise the Product Category Page template and save your changes
7. Reload the product category page on the frontend and check the customised version of this template is being rendered.

### Fixed issue with variable products add to cart error, and gallery not updating to show correct product variant image. ([5346](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5346))

1. Install a Block Theme such as [TT1](https://en-gb.wordpress.org/themes/tt1-blocks/) and the [Gutenberg plugin](https://wordpress.org/plugins/gutenberg/).
2. Load the product page of a variable product.
3. Change some of the options (such as colour) on the variable product and check that the image in the product gallery updates to show the correct image for that variant.
4. Clicking "Add to cart" should successfully add the product to the cart.

### Fix error when reverting WooCommerce templates. ([5342](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5342))

1. With WC 6.0 or later, Gutenberg and a block theme installed, go to Appearance > Editor.
2. Go to the Templates page and edit one of the WooCommerce templates (ie: Single Product Page).
3. In the frontend, verify the changes you just saved are applied.
4. Go back to the Templates page and press on _Clear Customizations_ of the template you just edited.
5. Verify there is no error and the changes have been reverted in the frontend.
6. Repeat the steps above with WP 5.9 beta without Gutenberg enabled.

### Fix: WooCommerce block templates loading for WP 5.9 without Gutenberg plugin. ([5335](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5335))

1. Make sure you have WP 5.9 or above.
2. Install a Block Theme such as [TT1](https://en-gb.wordpress.org/themes/tt1-blocks/).
3. Make sure you can load the list of Block Templates in the Appearance > Site Editor
