## Testing notes and ZIP for release 7.1.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/8153605/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce

### Add Global Styles support to the Product Price block. ([5950](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5950))

1. Edit Global Styles for the Product Price block (color, font-size).
2. Add Single Product and All Products components to a page.
3. The Price component should reflect global styles.
4. Add another set of Single Product and All Products components.
5. For these override Global Styles with local styles.
6. Ensure both sets work as expected on the Front-End of your store.

### Add Global Styles support to the Add To Cart Button block. ([5816](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5816))

1. Be sure that you are on `WordPress 5.9`.
2. Install and enable the `Twenty Twenty-Two` theme.
3. Add the `All Product` block (this block contains `Add To Cart Button Block`) to a post.
4. Get the focus on `Add To Cart Button`.
5. On the right sidebar, personalize the styles of the block.
6. Go on the page and check if there are changes.
7. Reset to default using the `Reset` button from the different sections. 
8. Go to Dashboard and select Appearance > Editor (beta). At the top of the screen, select Home > Browser all templates > Single Post. When the page is loaded, add the block to the page.
9. On the Editor page click on the `Styles` icon on the right-top corner.
10. Verify that the `Add To Cart Button` is shown under the `Blocks` section. Personalize again the block.
11. Save your changes.
12. Go on the page created earlier and check if all styles are applied correctly.
13. Edit your previous post/page again.
14. Change again the styles.
15. Save your changes.
16. Check if these styles have priority over the styles from the Site Editor.

### Store API - Introduced `wc/store/v1` namespace. ([5911](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5911))

1. Smoke test checkout process to highlight any problems with cart/checkout endpoints
2. Smoke test all products block to highlight any problems with product endpoints
3. Try accessing old endpoints, for example, `https://store.local/wp-json/wc/store/cart`. These should still work.
4. Try accessing new endpoints, for example, `https://store.local/wp-json/wc/store/v1/cart`

### Renamed WooCommerce block templates to more e-commerce related names. ([5935](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5935))

1. Open the site editor
2. Ascertain that template names appear on the list according to the following table:

Old Title | New Title
-- | --
Product Archive | Product Catalog
Product Tag | Products by Tag
Product Category | Products by Category
Single Product | _no change_

### Featured Product block: Add the ability to reset to a previously set custom background image. ([5886](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5886))

1. Add a Featured Product block to a page, post, or template.
2. Add custom background media.
3. The button to remove the image should be available.
4. If clicked it should remove the custom media.
5. If the product had an image it should display it again.

## Feature Plugin

### Fix loading WC core translations in locales where WC Blocks is not localized for some strings. ([5910](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5910))

1. Go to Settings > General > Language (`/wp-admin/options-general.php`) and select a language which has WC core translation at 100% but WC Blocks' at 0%. (I tested with `Català`).
2. Go to the updates screen (`/wp-admin/update-core.php`), scroll down and update the language translations.
3. Visit the Cart or Checkout block in the frontend and verify the texts are translated.

<!-- FEEDBACK -->
---

[We're hiring!](https://woocommerce.com/careers/) Come work with us!

🐞 Found a mistake, or have a suggestion? [Leave feedback about this document here.](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%3A+documentation&template=--doc-feedback.md&title=Feedback%20on%20./docs/testing/releases/700.md)
<!-- /FEEDBACK -->

