## Testing notes and ZIP for release 7.2.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](xxx)

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce

### Add font-style and font-weight support for the Product Categories List block [#5928](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5928)

Using WordPress 5.9.x and the Twenty Twenty-Two theme:

1. Add the All Products block (this block contains the Product Categories List block) to a post.
2. Get the focus on the Product Categories List block.
3. On the right sidebar, personalize the font style.
4. Go on the page and check if there are changes.
5. Reset to default using the Reset button from the different sections.
6. On the Editor page click on the Styles icon on the right-top corner.
7. Verify that the Product Categories List is shown under the Blocks section. Personalize again the font style.
8. Save your changes.
9. Go on the page created earlier and check if all styles are applied correctly.
10. Edit your previous post/page again.
11. Change again the styles.
12. Save your changes.
13. Check if these styles have priority over the styles from the Site Editor.

### Store API: Consistent error code and hook naming [#5992](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5992) and Remove v1 string from Store Keys [#5987](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5987)

1. Smoke test the All Products Block and confirm products are still displayed.
2. Smoke test Cart/Checkout Blocks and confirm the Blocks render and show cart contents.

### Featured Product block: Add the ability to reset to a previously set custom background image. ([5886](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5886))

1. Add a Featured Product block to a page, post, or template. Select a product that has a product image.
2. In the block toolbar, click Replace and add custom background media.
3. The button to Reset the image should become available in the block toolbar.
4. Clicking the Reset button should remove the custom media.
5. The original product image should show again.

## Feature Plugin

### Mini Cart Contents Block: not show wc-block-mini-cart\_\_contents in additional classes section [#5984](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5984)

1. On FSE editor, go on template parts and click on the Mini Cart.
2. Get the focus on the Mini Cart Contents block.
3. Open the block settings and check the additional classes section.
4. Check that the input is empty.

### Correctly load JS translations from WC core [#6036](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/6036)

1. Go to Settings > General > Language (/wp-admin/options-general.php) and select a language which has WC core translation at 100% but WC Blocks' at 0%. (I tested with Català).
2. Go to the updates screen (/wp-admin/update-core.php), scroll down and update the language translations.
3. Visit the Cart or Checkout block in the frontend and verify all texts are translated.

### Try to memoize/cache filter results so that we don't call third party filters too often [#5143](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5143)

These instructions use WooCommerce Subscriptions as this is known to use several filters in different places.

1. Install WooCommerce Subscriptions and create a subscription product.
2. Add it to the cart.
3. Go to the Cart block and ensure it shows the details of the subscription product under the line item.
4. Ensure you can still successfully check out and you are charged the amount you expect to be based on the item price in the database, what is displayed in the Cart block and what is displayed in the Checkout block.
